README.md, before:

# FSNotes Alfred Workflow

For use with [FSNotes](https://github.com/glushchenko/fsnotes/) and [Alfred](https://www.alfredapp.com).

## Overview

This workflow offers the following functions:

- <kbd>fsf</kbd> Open... _(choose from list of files in FSNotes default storage folder, required)_
- <kbd>fsi</kbd> Import... _(matches filename or phrase, required)_
- <kbd>fss</kbd> Search... _(matches filename or phrase, required)_
- <kbd>fsc</kbd> Create from Clipboard... _(specify title, optional)_
- <kbd>fsn</kbd> Create... _(specify title, optional)_

To choose from a list of all functions use the <kbd>fs</kbd> keyword.

## Download
[Latest release](https://github.com/gingerbeardman/fsnotes-alfred-workflow/releases/latest/download/FSNotes.alfredworkflow)

## Changelog
[History of changes](https://github.com/gingerbeardman/fsnotes-alfred-workflow/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)

## Screenshots
> ![Screen shot 2019-06-07 at 14 41 06](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49612/59108347-956f9a00-8932-11e9-9026-1d34f44cdfb9.png)

> ![Screen shot 2019-06-05 at 16 31 15](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49612/58969319-6aa90880-87af-11e9-93e6-6900356d9a2c.png)

## Personalisation
Modify the Workflow in Alfred:
- change the default FSNotes folder if you use a different one
- remove recognised file types if you do not want to use them all

## Licence
[MIT](https://github.com/gingerbeardman/fsnotes-alfred-workflow/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add Universal and File Action to README

README.md, after:

# FSNotes Alfred Workflow

For use with [FSNotes](https://github.com/glushchenko/fsnotes/) and [Alfred](https://www.alfredapp.com).

## Overview

This workflow offers the following functions:

- <kbd>fsf</kbd> Open... _(choose from list of files in FSNotes default storage folder, required)_
- <kbd>fsi</kbd> Import... _(matches filename or phrase, required)_
- <kbd>fss</kbd> Search... _(matches filename or phrase, required)_
- <kbd>fsc</kbd> Create from Clipboard... _(specify title, optional)_
- <kbd>fsn</kbd> Create... _(specify title, optional)_
- Universal Action to import text selected or from Clipboard History... _(specify title, optional)_
- File Action to add a file

To choose from a list of all functions use the <kbd>fs</kbd> keyword.

## Download
[Latest release](https://github.com/gingerbeardman/fsnotes-alfred-workflow/releases/latest/download/FSNotes.alfredworkflow)

## Changelog
[History of changes](https://github.com/gingerbeardman/fsnotes-alfred-workflow/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)

## Screenshots
> ![Screen shot 2019-06-07 at 14 41 06](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49612/59108347-956f9a00-8932-11e9-9026-1d34f44cdfb9.png)

> ![Screen shot 2019-06-05 at 16 31 15](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49612/58969319-6aa90880-87af-11e9-93e6-6900356d9a2c.png)

## Personalisation
Modify the Workflow in Alfred:
- change the default FSNotes folder if you use a different one
- remove recognised file types if you do not want to use them all

## Licence
[MIT](https://github.com/gingerbeardman/fsnotes-alfred-workflow/blob/main/LICENSE)
